To hell with it.
No, body of King Kong
You are definitely not an ordinary bodyguard
But I can only say that your level is too bad
Two dozen can't even beat a bodyguard
Ah!
Liu Fan
Since you are all right
How do you manage it?
Uh, no way.
Incorruptible Body of King Kong
The person who owns this must be a Dacheng person
How can you be a little security guard?
Well, compared to my background
Let's talk about you first
Now that the letter is here
Then I will only deduct you as Cao Lin's misery.
It doesn't make sense
It doesn't make sense.
We are indeed Cao Lin's remnants in the capital
So you are the remnants of Cao Lin?
No wonder you want to kill me
It turns out that you are going to frame my dead girl
You're too slow, but it's not your fault
After all, you don't know anything about the situation here
Okay, just admit it.
Then it's my turn to arrest you
Hahaha arrest
How dare we admit
Naturally, there will be a funeral
His Royal Highness of the entire Long State Capital
Buried me thousands of kilograms of explosives
Both of you?
Just waiting to be blown to pieces?
Escape after the explosion
Only the two of us know
You two just wait here to die
Stop
OK
Ah! What are you doing?